ENERGI

|

WHITEPAPER

|

VERSION: 1.62

DATE: AUG 2019

THE

THE EXISTING

THE

THE

MISSION

LANDSCAPE

PROBLEM

SOLUTION

VALUE

USE

THE ENERGI

EMISSION

PROPOSITIONS

CASES

PLATFORM

SCHEDULE

THE

THE

THE

THE

TREASURY

BACKBONE

MASTERNODES

STAKEHODLERS

THE

THE

THE

THE

ECONOMICS

PARTNERSHIPS

ROADMAP

TEAM

THE MISSION

THE EXISTING LANDSCAPE

3

THE PROBLEM

REPUTATION

COMPLEXITY

STRUCTURAL & FINANCIAL STABILITY

4

THE SOLUTION

●
●
●
●

HARNESS - ENERGI

TRUST

AVAILABILITY

AWARENESS

USABILITY

FOCUS - ENERGI

●
●
●
●
5

VALUE PROPOSITIONS

SELF-FUNDING

GOVERNANCE

EQUITABILITY

SMART CONTRACT PLATFORM

MARKETING CAMPAIGNS

ROI

INFLUENCER REACH-OUT
EXTRA INVESTORS
HIRING THOUGHT LEADERS
ADDED VALUE FOR NRG
DEVELOPMENT

$

TREASURY

$$$
6

USE CASES
MASTERNODE USE CASE

STAKEHODLER USE CASE

PARTNER USE CASE

END-CONSUMER USE CASE

7

THE ENERGI PLATFORM: BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT

THE ENERGI PLATFORM: USER PROTECTIONS

8

THE ENERGI PLATFORM: ENGINEERING SUPPORT

THE ENERGI PLATFORM: MARKETING SYSTEMS

9

[FIGURE A]

10

THE EMISSION SCHEDULE

●
●
●
●

11

THE TREASURY

THE BACKBONE

THE MASTERNODES

12

MASTERNODE REWARDS

●
●
●
●
[FIGURE B]

13

THE STAKEHODLERS

[FIGURE C]

[FIGURE D]

14

THE ECONOMICS
NRG AS A REWARD SYSTEM

NRG AS A MEANS OF EXCHANGE

NRG IS BETTER FOR THE ENVIRONMENT

15

NRG WITH CONTROLS

.

Expected Monthly Emission Rate

[FIGURE E]

16

NRG FOR THE FUTURE

17

THE PARTNERSHIPS

EXCHANGES

LISTINGS

WALLETS

OTHER RETAIL PARTNERSHIPS

18

THE ROADMAP

2017

Q3 2017
●

●
Q4 2017
●
●

2018

Q1 2018
●
●
Q2 2018
●
●
Q3 2018
●

●

19

2018

Q4 2018
●
●
●

2019

Q1 2019
●
Q2 2019
●

●
●

Q3 2019
●

●

20

2019

Q4 2019
●

●

●

2020

Q1 2020
●

●

Q2 2020
●

21

2020

Q2 2020
●

Q3 2020
●
And Beyond:
●

22

THE LEADERSHIP TEAM

Tommy
CEO & CHAIRMAN
Respected thought
leader and educator
in blockchain &
cryptocurrency
community.
Founder of the Energi
vision.
Builds teams of high
quality developers.

Ryan
PRESIDENT
Oversees all day-to-day
operations and heads the
development team.
People-ﬁrst approach to
technology whilst leading
by example.

Carolyn
VP OF OPERATIONS
Over 17 years of global
investment banking
experience.
Highly competent,
versatile, ﬁnance
professional [ACCA
qualiﬁed].

Greg
VP OF RECRUITMENT
Over 30 years of
experience scaling
recognized tech
companies.
Builds out teams for
companies utilising
emerging technology.

Andrey
DIRECTOR OF
TECHNOLOGY
After reaching Principal
Engineer and Software
Architect positions in
established
corporations, Andrey
switched to consulting
for Startups in Software
Development,
Operations and
Continuous Delivery.

Peter
SNR DEFENCE
SPECIALIST
Peter is a certiﬁed Data
Protection and Security
expert with 18 years of
experience advising
corporations. He now
works with global
cryptocurrency
exchanges and law
enforcement to protect
Energi users.

Omer
CHANGE MANAGER
After graduating from a
business school, Omer
worked as an IT
Business Consultant for
several large
organizations. Currently
he's dedicated to Energi
full-time in a Strategic
Change Management
role

Team
Energi has over 20
team members and
seeks to expand
aggressively as
Energi’s Treasury
funding allows. Past
team experience
includes Credit Suisse,
Citibank, Intel,
Deutsche Bank,
Accenture, Saks Fifth
Avenue, and RBS.

23

THE ADVISORS

Ben
TOKENOMICS +
FINANCE

Cliff
SALES + FINANCE

Mike
MASTERNODES

Hiring

24

APPENDIX
A Treasury System for Cryptocurrencies: Enabling Better Collaborative Intelligence

Bitcoin Whitepaper
Dash Whitepaper

REFERENCES

DISCLAIMER

25

